Make docs more LLM friendly (#29566)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/docs/dagster-plus/deployment/management/deployments/index.md

---

> description: Dagster+ full deployments are persistent, fully-featured setups for recurring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Dagster+ full deployments are persistent, fully-featured deployments intended to perform actions on a recurring basis.
```
